Switch to C++ edger8r. (#3082)
openenclave/openenclave: CHANGELOG.md

- `COMPILE_SYSTEM_EDL` is now OFF by default, meaning system EDL must be imported by
  application EDL. See [system EDL opt-in document]
  (docs/DesignDocs/system_ocall_opt_in.md#how-to-port-your-application) for more information.
- Switch to oeedger8r written in C++.

### Removed
- Removed oehostapp and the appendent "-rdynamic" compiling option. Please use oehost instead and add the option back manually if necessary.

> - Removed dependency on nodejs and esy. Previously used to build Ocaml compiler and oeedger8r.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed dependencies on nodejs and esy, which were previously used to build Ocaml compiler and oeedger8r.
```

Author: Done.
